So now is the time to wrap up this module.
What did you learn in this module?
Well, you saw how to access the elements of a class,
whether we are talking about the class itself with its super classes
and implemented interfaces or the content of a class,
the fields, the methods, and the constructors,
and the modifiers with this special pattern we can use to access that.
You haven't seen really how to leverage the full power of the Reflection API,
which is how to access the state of an object instance of a class,
how to read it, and how to modify it.
This is what we are going to do in the next module of this course, so I hope to see you there in a minute.